
 XV3 (v1.1)    Lance Ewing (be@ihug.co.nz)
 ==========

  This archive contains a program called XV3 which is designed to extract
 LOGIC, PICTURE, VIEW, and SOUND data files out of AGI version 3 VOL files.

  Some of the AGIv3 resources are slightly different in format from the
 AGIv2 resources. For this reason they cannot be directly used with a lot
 of the editors and viewers that we have written. However, this release
 provides an option that will perform the conversion to AGIv2 if it is
 requested for a particular resource (see further below). 

  With this release I have tried to provide all the same features that
 VOLX has. It now supports the conversion of WORDS.TOK and OBJECT files to
 more readible formats as VOLX does, and it also allows you to extract ALL
 resources in one pop. In this case the resources are extracted into
 directories of their individual type.


 Here is a description of the command line options for XV3:


  xv3 -l[2] logicnumber

     This option extracts the LOGIC file whose number is the same as the
     logicnumber parameter. The optional 2 determines whether the conversion
     to AGIv2 will take place.

     Examples:   xv3 -l2 120      (extract LOGIC.120 and convert to AGIv2)
                 xv3 -l 0         (extract LOGIC.0 and retain AGIv3 format)


  xv3 -p[2] picturenumber

     This option extracts the PICTURE file whose number is the same as the
     picturenumber parameter. The optional 2 determines whether the conversion
     to AGIv2 will take place.

     Examples:  xv3 -p2 24        (extract PICTURE.24 and convert to AGIv2)
                xv3 -p  5         (extract PICTURE.5 and retain AGIv3 format)


  xv3 -v viewnumber

     This option extracts the VIEW file whose number is the same as the
     viewnumber parameter. Note that there is no optional 2 in this case
     since the formats appear to be the same.

     Example:   xv3 -v 234        (extract VIEW.234)


  xv3 -s soundnumber

     This option extracts the SOUND file whose number is the same as the
     soundnumber parameter. Note that there is no optional 2 in this case
     since the formats appear to be the same.

     Example:   xv3 -s 8          (extract SOUND.8)


  xv3 -l[2] ALL
  xv3 -p[2] ALL
  xv3 -v ALL
  xv3 -s ALL

     The ALL option can be used in the place of the resource number when
     extracting LOGIC, PICTURE, VIEW, and SOUND resources. In each case,
     all of the resources of the given type will be extracted into a
     directory with the same name as the resource type.

     Examples:  xv3 -l2 ALL       (extract all LOGICs in AGIv2 format)
                xv3 -p ALL        (extract all PICTUREs)


  xv3 -w

     This option converts the WORDS.TOK into a readible text document
     called WORDS.TXT. 


  xv3 -o

     This option decrypts the OBJECT file. 


  xv3 -a

     This option performs a complete extraction of the game data. All
     resources are extracted into their relevant directories and the
     WORDS.TOK and OBJECT files are converted as described above.


